README.md, before:

# 👨🏻‍💻 Lucas Gonçalves

<div align="center">

```
██████╗ ███████╗██╗   ██╗ ██████╗ ██████╗ ███████╗
██╔══██╗██╔════╝██║   ██║██╔═══██╗██╔══██╗██╔════╝
██║  ██║█████╗  ██║   ██║██║   ██║██████╔╝███████╗
██║  ██║██╔══╝  ╚██╗ ██╔╝██║   ██║██╔═══╝ ╚════██║
██████╔╝███████╗ ╚████╔╝ ╚██████╔╝██║     ███████║
╚═════╝ ╚══════╝  ╚═══╝   ╚═════╝ ╚═╝     ╚══════╝
```

### `$ whoami` → **Lucas Gonçalves**
#### DevSecOps Engineer · Cloud & CI/CD Automation · Platform Engineering

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=JetBrains+Mono&weight=600&size=16&pause=1000&color=4EC9B0&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Everything+is+code.+Even+your+infrastructure.;DevSecOps+%7C+Kubernetes+%7C+CI%2FCD+Automation;Building+pipelines+that+ship+with+confidence.;10%2B+years+in+tech+%7C+AWS+%7C+Azure+%7C+GCP)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-lucas--lima--goncalves-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/lucas-lima-goncalves)
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-lucas.gl.devops-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@lucas.gl.devops)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-lucas.gabrielsglgl%40gmail.com-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:lucas.goncalves.devops@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Site-lucasgabrielsglgl.link-1A1A2E?style=for-the-badge&logo=gravatar&logoColor=white)](https://lucasgabrielsglgl.link)
[![Knowledge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Knowledge-personal--learning--path-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://lucasglgoncalves.github.io/Personal-Leaning-Path/)

</div>

---

## `$ cat about.txt`

```yaml
name: Lucas Gabriel de Lima Gonçalves
role: DevSecOps Engineer | Cloud & CI/CD Automation
location: Porto Velho, Rondônia, Brazil
open_to: Remote · Hybrid · Relocation (global)
experience: 10+ years in tech

focus_areas:
  - DevSecOps & SDLC Security
  - CI/CD Pipeline Automation
  - Kubernetes & Container Orchestration
  - Infrastructure as Code (Terraform / Ansible)
  - Cloud: AWS · Azure · GCP
  - Observability: Prometheus · Grafana · Loki · OpenTelemetry

fun_facts:
  - University Professor since 2022 (DevOps, Cloud, Agile, Software Engineering)
  - Studies MOS 6502 Assembly as a hobby
  - Programs in BASIC on a Commodore 64 & ZX Spectrum
  - Speaks: PT 🇧🇷 | EN 🇺🇸 (C1) | JP 🇯🇵 (N3) | DE 🇩🇪 (A2)
```

---

## `$ ls -la career/`

```
drwxr-xr-x  TCE-RO (Tribunal de Contas - RO)       Sep/2025 → Mar/2026   DevSecOps | Head of Application Security
drwxr-xr-x  TARS Labs                               Jun/2025 → Present    Senior DevOps Engineer (ML/Data Infra)
drwxr-xr-x  Getter S.A. (Mercedes-Benz)             Oct/2023 → May/2025   Lead DevOps Engineer
drwxr-xr-x  Animvs Game Studio                      Jul/2023 → Mar/2024   DevOps Specialist
drwxr-xr-x  FIMCA / Sapiens University              Jan/2022 → Present    University Professor Specialist
drwxr-xr-x  SETIC-RO                                Apr/2019 → Sep/2021   DevOps Engineer
drwxr-xr-x  TRE-RO                                  Mar/2017 → Jan/2019   Fullstack Ruby on Rails Developer
drwxr-xr-x  CREA-RO                                 Jan/2014 → Oct/2016   Back-End Developer
```

> 🏭 Large-scale projects for **Volkswagen · Stellantis · Mercedes-Benz · Vale · Caixa Econômica Federal**

---

## `$ cat stack.json`

<div align="center">

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/LucasGLGoncalves">
    <img
      src="https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=linux,bash,docker,git,githubactions,sonarqube,aws,azure,openshift,kubernetes,ansible,terraform,helm,prometheus,grafana,jira,azuredevops,datadog,confluence,jaeger,playfab,portainer,rancher,opentelemetry,flutter,golang,assembly,c,unrealengine,rails&perline=6&titles=true&theme=auto"/>
  </a><br/>
</p>           

<br/>

</div>

---

## `$ git log --oneline --highlights`

```diff
+ [TCE-RO]    Led Application Security Division — aligned Dev·Sec·Ops·Infra across government institution
+ [Getter]    Built full GitOps delivery on EKS (ArgoCD) for Mercedes-Benz inference services
+ [TARS]      Kubernetes cluster management for ML workloads + Apache Airflow orchestration
+ [SETIC-RO]  Configured K8s/OpenShift clusters and built CI/CD pipelines (AWS EC2, GitFlow)
+ [Gaming]    Implemented multiplayer infra for Unreal Engine game using Azure PlayFab + Terraform
+ [Academia]  Teaching DevOps, Cloud & Software Engineering at university level since 2022
+ [Projects]  Delivered infrastructure for Volkswagen, Stellantis, Vale, Caixa — 10+ years of impact
```

---

## `$ htop` — GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![Lucas's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api?username=LucasGLGoncalves&theme=tokyonight&include_all_commits=false&Locale=en&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=4EC9B0&icon_color=4EC9B0&text_color=CDD9E5)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=LucasGLGoncalves&theme=tokyonight&layout=compact&langs_count=8&card_width=320&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=4EC9B0&text_color=CDD9E5)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=LucasGLGoncalves&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=4EC9B0&ring=4EC9B0&fire=FF6B6B&currStreakLabel=4EC9B0)

</div>

---

## `$ tail -f philosophy.log`

```
[INFO]  Everything is code. Even your infrastructure.
[INFO]  Security belongs in the pipeline, not after it.
[INFO]  A pipeline that doesn't teach you anything isn't a good pipeline.
[INFO]  If you can't explain it clearly, you don't understand it well enough.
[INFO]  Predictability is a feature. Ship with confidence.
```

---

<div align="center">

**`// Currently open to DevOps · DevSecOps · Platform Engineering · SRE roles`**

*Open to relocation globally · Portfolio: [lucasgabrielsglgl.link](https://lucasgabrielsglgl.link)*

![Visitor Count](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=LucasGLGoncalves&color=4EC9B0&style=for-the-badge&label=PROFILE+VIEWS)

</div>

Commit message:

Update README with Personal Learning Path link
Added link to Personal Learning Path page in README.

README.md, after:

# 👨🏻‍💻 Lucas Gonçalves

<div align="center">

```
██████╗ ███████╗██╗   ██╗ ██████╗ ██████╗ ███████╗
██╔══██╗██╔════╝██║   ██║██╔═══██╗██╔══██╗██╔════╝
██║  ██║█████╗  ██║   ██║██║   ██║██████╔╝███████╗
██║  ██║██╔══╝  ╚██╗ ██╔╝██║   ██║██╔═══╝ ╚════██║
██████╔╝███████╗ ╚████╔╝ ╚██████╔╝██║     ███████║
╚═════╝ ╚══════╝  ╚═══╝   ╚═════╝ ╚═╝     ╚══════╝
```

### `$ whoami` → **Lucas Gonçalves**
#### DevSecOps Engineer · Cloud & CI/CD Automation · Platform Engineering

[![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.demolab.com?font=JetBrains+Mono&weight=600&size=16&pause=1000&color=4EC9B0&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Everything+is+code.+Even+your+infrastructure.;DevSecOps+%7C+Kubernetes+%7C+CI%2FCD+Automation;Building+pipelines+that+ship+with+confidence.;10%2B+years+in+tech+%7C+AWS+%7C+Azure+%7C+GCP)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-lucas--lima--goncalves-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/lucas-lima-goncalves)
[![Medium](https://img.shields.io/badge/Medium-lucas.gl.devops-12100E?style=for-the-badge&logo=medium&logoColor=white)](https://medium.com/@lucas.gl.devops)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-lucas.gabrielsglgl%40gmail.com-EA4335?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:lucas.goncalves.devops@gmail.com)
[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Site-lucasgabrielsglgl.link-1A1A2E?style=for-the-badge&logo=gravatar&logoColor=white)](https://lucasgabrielsglgl.link)
[![Knowledge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Knowledge-personal--learning--path-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=GoogleChrome&logoColor=white)](https://lucasglgoncalves.github.io/Personal-Leaning-Path/)

</div>

---

## `$ cat about.txt`

```yaml
name: Lucas Gabriel de Lima Gonçalves
role: DevSecOps Engineer | Cloud & CI/CD Automation
location: Porto Velho, Rondônia, Brazil
open_to: Remote · Hybrid · Relocation (global)
experience: 10+ years in tech

focus_areas:
  - DevSecOps & SDLC Security
  - CI/CD Pipeline Automation
  - Kubernetes & Container Orchestration
  - Infrastructure as Code (Terraform / Ansible)
  - Cloud: AWS · Azure · GCP
  - Observability: Prometheus · Grafana · Loki · OpenTelemetry

fun_facts:
  - University Professor since 2022 (DevOps, Cloud, Agile, Software Engineering)
  - Studies MOS 6502 Assembly as a hobby
  - Programs in BASIC on a Commodore 64 & ZX Spectrum
  - Speaks: PT 🇧🇷 | EN 🇺🇸 (C1) | JP 🇯🇵 (N3) | DE 🇩🇪 (A2)
```

---

## `$ ls -la career/`

```
drwxr-xr-x  TCE-RO (Tribunal de Contas - RO)       Sep/2025 → Mar/2026   DevSecOps | Head of Application Security
drwxr-xr-x  TARS Labs                               Jun/2025 → Present    Senior DevOps Engineer (ML/Data Infra)
drwxr-xr-x  Getter S.A. (Mercedes-Benz)             Oct/2023 → May/2025   Lead DevOps Engineer
drwxr-xr-x  Animvs Game Studio                      Jul/2023 → Mar/2024   DevOps Specialist
drwxr-xr-x  FIMCA / Sapiens University              Jan/2022 → Present    University Professor Specialist
drwxr-xr-x  SETIC-RO                                Apr/2019 → Sep/2021   DevOps Engineer
drwxr-xr-x  TRE-RO                                  Mar/2017 → Jan/2019   Fullstack Ruby on Rails Developer
drwxr-xr-x  CREA-RO                                 Jan/2014 → Oct/2016   Back-End Developer
```

> 🏭 Large-scale projects for **Volkswagen · Stellantis · Mercedes-Benz · Vale · Caixa Econômica Federal**

---

## `$ cat stack.json`

<div align="center">

<br/>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/LucasGLGoncalves">
    <img
      src="https://go-skill-icons.vercel.app/api/icons?i=linux,bash,docker,git,githubactions,sonarqube,aws,azure,openshift,kubernetes,ansible,terraform,helm,prometheus,grafana,jira,azuredevops,datadog,confluence,jaeger,playfab,portainer,rancher,opentelemetry,flutter,golang,assembly,c,unrealengine,rails&perline=6&titles=true&theme=auto"/>
  </a><br/>
</p>           

<br/>

</div>

> ☝🤓 It's also possible to view my tools knowledge by following the link of the **[Personal-Leaning-Path Page](https://lucasglgoncalves.github.io/Personal-Leaning-Path/)**

---

## `$ git log --oneline --highlights`

```diff
+ [TCE-RO]    Led Application Security Division — aligned Dev·Sec·Ops·Infra across government institution
+ [Getter]    Built full GitOps delivery on EKS (ArgoCD) for Mercedes-Benz inference services
+ [TARS]      Kubernetes cluster management for ML workloads + Apache Airflow orchestration
+ [SETIC-RO]  Configured K8s/OpenShift clusters and built CI/CD pipelines (AWS EC2, GitFlow)
+ [Gaming]    Implemented multiplayer infra for Unreal Engine game using Azure PlayFab + Terraform
+ [Academia]  Teaching DevOps, Cloud & Software Engineering at university level since 2022
+ [Projects]  Delivered infrastructure for Volkswagen, Stellantis, Vale, Caixa — 10+ years of impact
```

---

## `$ htop` — GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

![Lucas's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api?username=LucasGLGoncalves&theme=tokyonight&include_all_commits=false&Locale=en&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=4EC9B0&icon_color=4EC9B0&text_color=CDD9E5)

![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats-fast.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=LucasGLGoncalves&theme=tokyonight&layout=compact&langs_count=8&card_width=320&hide_border=true&bg_color=0D1117&title_color=4EC9B0&text_color=CDD9E5)

![GitHub Streak](https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=LucasGLGoncalves&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&background=0D1117&stroke=4EC9B0&ring=4EC9B0&fire=FF6B6B&currStreakLabel=4EC9B0)

</div>

---

## `$ tail -f philosophy.log`

```
[INFO]  Everything is code. Even your infrastructure.
[INFO]  Security belongs in the pipeline, not after it.
[INFO]  A pipeline that doesn't teach you anything isn't a good pipeline.
[INFO]  If you can't explain it clearly, you don't understand it well enough.
[INFO]  Predictability is a feature. Ship with confidence.
```

---

<div align="center">

**`// Currently open to DevOps · DevSecOps · Platform Engineering · SRE roles`**

*Open to relocation globally · Portfolio: [lucasgabrielsglgl.link](https://lucasgabrielsglgl.link)*

![Visitor Count](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=LucasGLGoncalves&color=4EC9B0&style=for-the-badge&label=PROFILE+VIEWS)

</div>
